Update the version section for VS2017 (#1936)
MicrosoftDocs/visualstudio-docs: docs/extensibility/vsix-extension-schema-2-0-reference.md

        -   Single version # - only the specified version.  
  
        > [!IMPORTANT]
        >  Version 2.0 of the VSIX Schema was introduced in Visual Studio 2012. To use this schema you must have Visual Studio 2012 or later installed on the machine and use the VSIXInstaller.exe that is part of that product. You can target earlier versions of Visual Studio with a Visual Studio 2012 or later VSIXInstaller, but only by using the later versions of the installer. 
        

>         VS2017 version numbers can be found here: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/install/visual-studio-build-numbers-and-release-dates?view=vs-2017#feedback

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Visual Studio 2017 version numbers can be found at [Visual Studio build numbers and release dates](/visualstudio/install/visual-studio-build-numbers-and-release-dates).
```

>         Visual Studio 2017 version numbers can be found at [Visual Studio build numbers and release dates](/visualstudio/install/visual-studio-build-numbers-and-release-dates).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Visual Studio 2017 version numbers can be found at [Visual Studio build numbers and release dates](../install/visual-studio-build-numbers-and-release-dates.md).
```

>         When expressing the for VS2017 releases, the minor version should always be zero. For example, if specifying VS2017 15.3.26730.0 as a minor version, it should be expressed as [15.0.26730.0,16.0). Note this is only true for VS2017 version numbers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        When expressing the version for Visual Studio 2017 releases, the minor version should always be **0**. For example, Visual Studio 2017 version 15.3.26730.0 should be expressed as [15.0.26730.0,16.0). This is only required for Visual Studio 2017 version numbers.
```

>         When expressing the version for Visual Studio 2017 releases, the minor version should always be **0**. For example, Visual Studio 2017 version 15.3.26730.0 should be expressed as [15.0.26730.0,16.0). This is only required for Visual Studio 2017 version numbers.

Reviewer: BTW what is the ,16.0 for? And I also just noticed that the opening and closing parenthesis around the version number don't match.

Reviewer 2: `,16.0)` will be 2019 (or whatever the name ends up being) and above
